chore(macros): Remove SectionOnPage macro usage (#23059)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcpeerconnection/localdescription/index.md

On a more fundamental level, the returned value is the value of {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection.pendingLocalDescription")}} if that property isn't `null`;
otherwise, the value of {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection.currentLocalDescription")}} is returned.

> See the [Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) section for details on this algorithm and why it's used.

Reviewer: As above.

> See the [Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) section for details on this algorithm and why it's used.

Author: ```suggestion
See [Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) in the WebRTC Connectivity page for details on this algorithm and why it's used.
```

> See [WebRTC connectivity, Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) for details on this algorithm and why it's used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the [Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) section for details on this algorithm and why it's used.
```
